What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git will be able to track changes made to new files created in the repository.
In order to make and track commits, a repository first needs to be
initialized.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where I track the one or more files whose changes will be
part of my next single commit. It gives me space to properly organize and
double check my edits before I make my commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

I can compare changes between the staging area and working area, and also
between the staging area and most recent commit, to be sure that my changes
are no more and no less than one complete logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would help me to organize work that involved particularly large
changes, such as building a new feature or refactoring a substantial
amount of my code. Branches also help you keep your project organized as you
work on it and share it publicly.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help me to see which commits will contain the work done in which prior
commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?

The merged branch contains the changes made in both branches while they were
separate. The diagram helps us to see exactly which changes will be included
in the resulting branch that wouldn't have been were the merge not to happen.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

The advantage is that Git will prompt me to review the conflicts, ensuring
that possible unintended changes or errors aren't introduced. The negative
is that there may be times when these supposed conflicts aren't material
conflicts at all.
