How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

I scanned the output of diff for pairs of + and - lines. This helped me to see
which areas of the code were most likely to have had a change which introduced
the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

If I ever decided to go back to an approach that I had been using, but had
since abandoned, having access to all the previous versions makes it easier
me to quickly reimplement what I had implemented previously, rather than
creating it all over again from scratch.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google Docs does?

The pro is that I can ensure that my commits only happen after an appropriate
amount of logical changes have been made. I can't trust that an automated
system could judge this better than I could. The con is that I may sometimes
forget to make a necessary commit when I get too wrapped up in completing a
feature or debugging or solving a problem.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?

It is possible that one logical change would involve changes in more than one
file inside a repository.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log lets me see what logical change was made in each individual commit.
Git diff allows me to compare the code in a version in which a logical change
was made with the code in the previous commit. This lets me see exactly which
lines of code were altered and how in order to create the change that
justified the commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

I know that I'll always be able to go back to a working version that doesn't
have the changes I made that might have broken something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to track changes I make in my resume.
